README.md, before:

## Summary

The goal of this test is to make you code a small ReactJS app. We have prepared a skeleton app for you, but feel free to change anything (CSS files, HTML structure, JS structure, etc) to suit your needs.

The app should have the following features:
- **Activity Feed** - simple list of calls
- **Activity Detail** - detail of a call
- **Archive** - the final user should be able to archive (and unarchive) a call. Archived calls will no longer be displayed on the Activity Feed and should have a separate Archived Tab.
- A button to archive all calls in the activity feed
- A button to unarchive all calls in the archived calls tab

Show us what you can do in 48 hours. You will be assessed on the following parameters: 
- Focus on design sense (Pay attention to the UI/UX and transitions)
- React Best Practices
- Code Readability and Maintainability

## Submission Requirements
After you're done with the assignment, please submit a link to the **GitHub/Bitbucket repository** (make sure it's public) with your code **AND** a deployment link where our recruiters can interact with the live version. You can use freely available tools like **Netlify, Vercel, Render, etc** to deploy your React application.

Your repository name should be the first 8 digits of a UUID. A random UUID can be generated from any site like this one: https://www.uuidgenerator.net/version4. This is to prevent malicious actors from plagiarizing your submission by searching for it on GitHub, since your repository is public.

For example: Your respository name here will be `036b1c95` and the repository URL that you submit will look like: `https://github.com/<your-username>/036b1c95`
<img width="782" alt="Screenshot 2024-01-10 at 10 07 47 PM" src="https://github.com/speer-technologies/aircall/assets/66385959/64fd4b89-e288-4e31-ad62-0949a686088a">

Once done, the assessment (along with other details) must be submitted on the following Google Form and NOT via email: https://forms.gle/itbJiaZ1TjToL45D8

**Note:** Submissions that fail to comply with any of the above submission requirements will be removed from any further consideration.

To give you an example/reference, here's what the app could look like:


![app](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/630714/29357034-763d7216-8276-11e7-8bcb-e77d9645dfcc.png)

## Installation

We're using [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com) here (but you can use npm):

```
yarn install
yarn start
```

**Note**: Please make sure to run the app in Node 16.

## API documentation

### Routes

Here is the base URL of the API: https://aircall-backend.onrender.com <br>

The API is hosted on a free server, which is why the first time you call the API it might throw an error. The server goes to sleep if there hasn't been any activity for a while, but after 30-60 seconds of making the first call, it should work as expected. Please reach out to us in case it doesn't.

- **GET** - BASE_URL/activities: get calls to display in the Activity Feed
- **GET** - BASE_URL/activities/<call_id> retrieve a specific call details
- **PATCH** - BASE_URL/activities/<call_id> update a call. The only field updatable is `is_archived (bool)`. You'll need to send a JSON in the request body:
```
{
  is_archived: true
}
```
- **PATCH** - BASE_URL/reset: Reset all calls to initial state (usefull if you archived all calls).

### Call object

- **id** - unique ID of call
- **created_at** - creation date
- **direction** - `inbound` or `outbound` call
- **from** - caller's number
- **to** - callee's number
- **via** - Aircall number used for the call
- **duration** - duration of a call (in seconds)
- **is_archived** - call is archived or not
- **call_type** - can be a `missed`, `answered` or `voicemail` call.

### DougNotes

- Call icons are sourced from <a target="_blank" href="https://icons8.com">Icons8</a>

Commit message:

Tweaks for accessibility and polish
-added favicon and personalized title
-added keyboard handling and arias to call divs
-added alt text to all images
-simplified onClick calls
-added overflow bounding for when there are many expanded calls
-edited reset button name for user clarity
-made some html more semantic
-made sure cursor displays as pointer on all buttons
-updated readme with some additional notes on my development principles and stretch goals

README.md, after:

## Summary

The goal of this test is to make you code a small ReactJS app. We have prepared a skeleton app for you, but feel free to change anything (CSS files, HTML structure, JS structure, etc) to suit your needs.

The app should have the following features:
- **Activity Feed** - simple list of calls
- **Activity Detail** - detail of a call
- **Archive** - the final user should be able to archive (and unarchive) a call. Archived calls will no longer be displayed on the Activity Feed and should have a separate Archived Tab.
- A button to archive all calls in the activity feed
- A button to unarchive all calls in the archived calls tab

Show us what you can do in 48 hours. You will be assessed on the following parameters: 
- Focus on design sense (Pay attention to the UI/UX and transitions)
- React Best Practices
- Code Readability and Maintainability

## Submission Requirements
After you're done with the assignment, please submit a link to the **GitHub/Bitbucket repository** (make sure it's public) with your code **AND** a deployment link where our recruiters can interact with the live version. You can use freely available tools like **Netlify, Vercel, Render, etc** to deploy your React application.

Your repository name should be the first 8 digits of a UUID. A random UUID can be generated from any site like this one: https://www.uuidgenerator.net/version4. This is to prevent malicious actors from plagiarizing your submission by searching for it on GitHub, since your repository is public.

For example: Your respository name here will be `036b1c95` and the repository URL that you submit will look like: `https://github.com/<your-username>/036b1c95`
<img width="782" alt="Screenshot 2024-01-10 at 10 07 47 PM" src="https://github.com/speer-technologies/aircall/assets/66385959/64fd4b89-e288-4e31-ad62-0949a686088a">

Once done, the assessment (along with other details) must be submitted on the following Google Form and NOT via email: https://forms.gle/itbJiaZ1TjToL45D8

**Note:** Submissions that fail to comply with any of the above submission requirements will be removed from any further consideration.

To give you an example/reference, here's what the app could look like:


![app](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/630714/29357034-763d7216-8276-11e7-8bcb-e77d9645dfcc.png)

## Installation

We're using [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com) here (but you can use npm):

```
yarn install
yarn start
```

**Note**: Please make sure to run the app in Node 16.

## API documentation

### Routes

Here is the base URL of the API: https://aircall-backend.onrender.com <br>

The API is hosted on a free server, which is why the first time you call the API it might throw an error. The server goes to sleep if there hasn't been any activity for a while, but after 30-60 seconds of making the first call, it should work as expected. Please reach out to us in case it doesn't.

- **GET** - BASE_URL/activities: get calls to display in the Activity Feed
- **GET** - BASE_URL/activities/<call_id> retrieve a specific call details
- **PATCH** - BASE_URL/activities/<call_id> update a call. The only field updatable is `is_archived (bool)`. You'll need to send a JSON in the request body:
```
{
  is_archived: true
}
```
- **PATCH** - BASE_URL/reset: Reset all calls to initial state (usefull if you archived all calls).

### Call object

- **id** - unique ID of call
- **created_at** - creation date
- **direction** - `inbound` or `outbound` call
- **from** - caller's number
- **to** - callee's number
- **via** - Aircall number used for the call
- **duration** - duration of a call (in seconds)
- **is_archived** - call is archived or not
- **call_type** - can be a `missed`, `answered` or `voicemail` call.

### DougNotes

- Call icons are sourced from <a target="_blank" href="https://icons8.com">Icons8</a>.
- Beyond meeting the assessment parameters as listed above, my top priorities while making this were professionalism in version control and ensuring accessibility. 
- There's still more to do for robustness and maintainability! Given another day, I would focus on implementing automated testing for all components, more robust error handling for APIs, and more scalable code (global color variables, abstracting or isolating potentially reusable components such as the tabs or mass archive button, etc).
